
What is the project 
    Diagnostic tool, monitor inaccuracies in the system, lead to redemption not taking place.
    Redeeming binds
    User can track the comming up bonds +5 and -5 days of maturity.
    Examination tool, what went wrong and where problem arose.
    the tooling should provide visibility on the trades linked to those bonds which may help identify failing trades, mis-booked trades, timing issues etc.

Tasks
    1. allow permissioned users to see bonds that are due to mature
    2. allow permissioned users to see bonds that have not been fully settled
    3. allow users to view bonds that have matured recently
    4. show where almost mature bonds have been actioned by others (to prevent duplication of effort and allow oversight)
    5. be the starting point for triggering the chain of events required to redeem
    6. Optional: allow users to create a custom list of Bonds that they can track and monitor

MVP
    UI that is capable of displaying the redemptions due, and flag redemptions that should have been redeemed, with a dashboard and search page to allow both overviews of events.

MUST    

    1. A demonstration that you have understood the technology, including:
    2. Architecture
    3. SOLID design principles
    4. Thought given to security
    5. The importance of testing
    6. Governance through adherence to the architectures given above (see Proposed Architecture) 
    7. Work well as a team and give everyone an opportunity to contribute

Product
    Background: We have to be able to track bonds in our inventory and understand when bonds mature so that we can get back the face value of the bond from the issuer.
    Goal: to provide transparency on maturing bonds, in particular those bonds that are still on the books post maturity.
    User -> books (1..*)


Tools should 
    show bonds that are maturing, have matured, or have expired. 
    select data periods (show +5 and -5 days of maturity).
    Dive deep when selected bond

Task depending on the stories
    1. Populate DB with data and normilize the dat
    2. Implement level of security

    - Front - end
        High
            1. See all bonds, given credentials
            2. See bonds maturying for the next +-5 days, when you login platform
            9. Show only registered user can see the bond data
        Medium
            3. See bonds  +-5days
            8. Show bonds details of individual bonds
        Low
            4. Show bonds ISIN nad CUSSIP
            5. Show issuer of bond
            6. Show client name of bond
            7. Show bonds you are responsible for

    - Back - end
        1. Alert bonds that have matured and not reedemed
        2. Being able to redeem bond on coming due for maturity
        3. See bonds that have and havent been redeemed
        4. See bonds that are maturing today
        5. See bonds that  matured in the last 5 days
        6. See bonds that your client books has
        7. current position the clients holds (banking trading limits)

Additional 
    - Security
        1. no encyption
        2. email/password
        3. google firebase (email/password)
